README.md, before:

# readme-generator

  ## Licensing
  [![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache_2.0-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0)
  https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0

  ## Table of Contents
  - [Description](#description)
  - [Installation](#installation)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [Contribution](#contribution)
  - [Testing](#testing)
  - [Contact](#contact)

  ## Description
  The purpose of this project is to use npm inquirer to allow the user to be able to generate a professional readme. By utilizing a readme generator, this allows the user to more efficiently and conveniently create a professional readme for their projects. The functionality of the project begins by typing node index in the integrated terminal of the index.js file, then a series of questions is asked which the user fills in to create the readme.

  ## Installation
  The first step of installation is by running npm i in the integrated terminal of index.js file.

  ## Usage
  <img src="utils\readme-generator.gif"><br>
  Or view link here - [Screencastify](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1waQbHz7GKAucIxdk9_ygCH-6JjcMObTL/preview)

  ## License
  The user is able to choose a license for their project where it will display in their project upon selecting the desired licensing.

  ## Contribution
  The user can input their information for any contributions made to the project

  ## Testing
  The user can write tests for their project to provide examples on how the user's project runs

  ## Contact
  Here is my contact information where you can reach me for questions 
  -GitHub: [bcheung827](https://github.com/bcheung827)
  -Email: bcheung827@gmail.com

Commit message:

added instructions to usage for steps on how to generate readme

README.md, after:

# readme-generator

  ## Licensing
  [![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache_2.0-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0)
  https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0

  ## Table of Contents
  - [Description](#description)
  - [Installation](#installation)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [Contribution](#contribution)
  - [Testing](#testing)
  - [Contact](#contact)

  ## Description
  The purpose of this project is to use npm inquirer to allow the user to be able to generate a professional readme. By utilizing a readme generator, this allows the user to more efficiently and conveniently create a professional readme for their projects. The functionality of the project begins by typing node index in the integrated terminal of the index.js file, then a series of questions is asked which the user fills in to create the readme.

  ## Installation
  The first step of installation is by running npm i in the integrated terminal of index.js file.

  ## Usage
  In order to create a professional readme, the user has to open an integrated terminal in the index.js file, then run node index in the integrated terminal. Once the user runs node index, the user is then prompted with a series of questions that lead to generating the readme. Upon completion of answering the questions. The readme is then generated for the user to utilize.

  <img src="utils\readme-generator.gif"><br>
  Or view link here - [Screencastify](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1waQbHz7GKAucIxdk9_ygCH-6JjcMObTL/preview)

  ## License
  The user is able to choose a license for their project where it will display in their project upon selecting the desired licensing.

  ## Contribution
  The user can input their information for any contributions made to the project

  ## Testing
  The user can write tests for their project to provide examples on how the user's project runs

  ## Contact
  Here is my contact information where you can reach me for questions 
  -GitHub: [bcheung827](https://github.com/bcheung827)
  -Email: bcheung827@gmail.com
